README.md, before:

## Hello! I'm Shannon.

I'm a software developer with a BSc in Computer Science, focused on web and game development.

Constantly expanding my knowledge of building both games and web apps from the ground up.

### Main tools & technologies that I'm using right now
- JavaScript
- React
- HTML & CSS
- GDScript (Godot)
- C# (Unity 2D & 3D)
- Twine

### What I’m working on at the moment
- Developing games and interactive experiences using Godot, Unity, and Node.js / Electron
- Building modern, responsive web projects
- Refining my web development workflow and design practices

<!--
**shanzcraft/shanzcraft** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Revise README with current tools and projects
Updated personal information and tools section in README.

README.md, after:

## Hello! I'm Shannon.

I'm a software developer with a BSc in Computer Science, focused on web and game development.

I live in Montréal, Quebec. 

I'm constantly expanding my knowledge of building both games and web apps from the ground up.

### Tools & technologies that I'm using in my current projects
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/css-%23663399.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css&logoColor=white) ![C#](https://img.shields.io/badge/c%23-%23239120.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=csharp&logoColor=white) ![GDScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/GDScript-%2374267B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=godotengine&logoColor=white)<br>
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![Godot Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/GODOT-%23FFFFFF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=godot-engine) ![Unity](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-%23000000.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unity&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Electron.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Electron-191970?style=for-the-badge&logo=Electron&logoColor=white)

### What I’m working on
- Developing games and interactive experiences using Godot, Unity, and Node.js / Electron
- Building creative, interactive web projects
- Refining my web development workflow and design practices

<!--
**shanzcraft/shanzcraft** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
